feat: Stepped Process: add the component from v4 (#636)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/components/stepped-process.md

---
layout: docs
title: Stepped process
description: Stepped process bar used for multiple steps forms process
group: components
toc: true
---

## How to use

> Use a `nav` element with `.stepped-process` class, containing an ordered list `<ol>`  with `.stepped-process-item` class on list items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a `nav` element with `.stepped-process` class, containing an ordered list `<ol>` with `.stepped-process-item` class on list items.
```

> Be careful to choose short labels when using multiple steps process, otherwise label will be cut to preserve inline layout. More information can be carried on the `title` attribute of the `.stepped-process-link`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use short labels for each step, otherwise they will be cut off to preserve inline layout. More information can be carried on the `title` attribute of the `.stepped-process-link`.
```

Regarding `title`, @GaetanBt shouldn't `aria-label` be used instead, in such cases?

Author: In the meantime, can't we put both title & aria-label ?

> Use `.current` class to define current step, alongwith with `aria-current="step"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `.active` to a `.stepped-process-item` to indicate the current step, alongside `aria-current="step"` to convey the active state to assistive technologies.
```

BTW, we should move from `.current` to `.active` because `.active` is used throughout Bootstrap component as a convention, whereas `.current` only pops out in our custom components…

## Example

{{< example >}}
<nav class="stepped-process" aria-label="Checkout process">

>   <p class="float-left mt-2 mr-2 font-weight-bold d-sm-none">Step</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p class="float-end mt-2 me-2 fw-bold d-sm-none">Step</p>
```

Beware that some utilities got renamed in v5: you should have seen the difference visually (e.g. not inline on small screens, and not bold either).

Author: Fact is I didn't see a thing, probably because of the `d-sm-none` so I didn't test all breakpoints. My bad...
Secondly I didn't look for changes on utilities, my bad twice.

(In our case, the label should be at the start, I corrected accordingly to this case)

Reviewer: Yup, that's what reviews and tests are for ;)
